Wife
You sold Shao Feng's land to Gao Mingyu
Then you are worthy of being the first beautiful woman president of Binhai City
Easily made 5 million teahouse
Don't be hippie here either
Binhai City is not as simple as you think
Especially the Gao family
It is one of the four major families in Binhai City
Even the three of us have to play three points in the end
Then I'll hit harder later
You can restrain yourself. It's hard to do that.
What's wrong with you cousin
Sun always foreign trade group
Their people are holding down the money
Delayed in sending money
Mr. Wang of foreign trade
Netizen Wei said that as long as I accompany him to have a meal
He arranged for payment
The netizens are for this old pervert
I clearly want to take advantage of you
You don't have to go to this
I'll send someone else to follow you
But at this time, the temporary replacement
Wang Youwei
I don't know what's going to happen over there
We are all waiting for this money to start work
Otherwise, there's no way to start work
Really can't
Big deal, I'll be careful
You don't have to go to this matter.
I'll follow up myself
Hey
You, a beautiful woman, met an old man
How do you deal with it?
Let me tell you something.
Come on, I promise to get this money back.
I can take you with me.
You are not allowed to hit people
Don't worry.
I've always been all the way from knife to knife
Mr. Wang, oops, oops, Mr. Song, long time no see
Oh, this, oh, you are from our Junhai City.
See you today
This is more beautiful than the legendary one hahahaha
Mr. Wang praised it, haha, hey.
Oh, Mr. Wang, Mr. Wang, right?
Hello, hello, hello.
I'm Chen Xiaodao.
Who is going here?